DDOC-1134: Add common error codes (#902)
box/developer.box.com: content/guides/api-calls/permissions-and-errors/common-errors.md

| **Error**    | `bad_request`|
|**Message**  |  |
| **Solution** | Required parameters supplied in the API request are either missing or invalid. Check the extended error message in the response body for more details. |
| | |
| **Error**    | `unauthorized_client` |
| **Message**  | This app is not authorized by the enterprise admin. |

> | **Solution** | Server authentication applications using JWT or Client Credentials Grant must be authorized by a Box Admin before use. Follow the steps in [Platform App Approval](guide://authorization/platform-app-approval) to complete authorization. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Solution** | Server authentication applications using JWT or Client Credentials Grant must be authorized by a Box Admin before use. Follow the steps in <Link href="/guides/authorization/platform-app-approval">Platform App Approval</Link>. |
```

| | |
| **Error**    | `invalid_client` |
| **Message**  | The client credentials are invalid. |

> | **Solution** | Verify the Client ID and Client Secret in the token request match the Developer Console.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Solution** | Verify the Client ID and Client Secret in the token request match the values in the Developer Console.|
```

| | |
| **Error**    | `invalid_grant` |
| **Message**  | Invalid refresh token |
| **Solution** | The refresh token may be invalid, revoked, or expired. Correct your application's refresh-token handling and obtain a new token pair through the OAuth 2.0 authorization flow if needed. |
| | |
| **Error**    | `invalid_request` |
| **Message**  | The grant type is unauthorized for this client_id. |

> | **Solution** | You may be requesting a token using standard OAuth 2.0 while the app is configured for Server Authentication (JWT), or the opposite. Use the token request type that matches your app's authentication method. See [The grant type is unauthorized for this client_id](https://support.box.com/hc/en-us/articles/360044193033-API-Authentication-The-grant-type-is-unauthorized-for-this-client-id). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Solution** | You may be requesting a token using standard OAuth 2.0 while the app is configured for Server Authentication (JWT), or vice versa. Use the token request type that matches your app's authentication method. See [The grant type is unauthorized for this client_id](https://support.box.com/hc/en-us/articles/360044193033-API-Authentication-The-grant-type-is-unauthorized-for-this-client-id). |
```

| **Error**    | `unauthorized`  |
| **Message**  | Unauthorized    |
| **Solution** | Authorization token is not authorized, check extended error message in body for more details. |
|  |  |
| **Error**    | `invalid_token`  |
| **Message**  | The access token provided is invalid. |

> | **Solution** | The access token may be incorrect, corrupted, or expired—for example, because of a typo, using a token from another environment, or revocation or deletion. Obtain a new access token from the token endpoint. For OAuth 2.0 auth, you can refresh an expired access token; see [Refresh a token](guide://authentication/tokens/refresh). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Solution** | The access token may be incorrect, corrupted, or expired—for example, because of a typo, using a token from another environment, or revocation or deletion. Obtain a new access token from the token endpoint. For OAuth 2.0 auth, you can refresh an expired access token; see <Link href="/guides/authentication/tokens/refresh">Refresh a token</Link>. |
```
